Sara and Vinnie on Ellis at 97 3 Norm
Macdonald nothin man Hobbes all weekend
long how are ya good good to see you
again
nice left one hour sat down a little
daintily to are you did you work out
nice your back oh I slept in an hour
mm-hmm why were you doing all night I
had insomnia oh so it wasn't even like
you're having fun yeah I just ate I just
ate all its stuff for my minibar and
stayed up all night in your hotel yeah
you know I ate a big jar of cashews that
you have to like open in a very odd way
it's about a half a pound of cashews
what I fell in right now well that's
dumb why don't you not eat the stuff
that's there as long as I was I had six
hours where I couldn't sleep
see closing your eyes that and turn the
lights off okay but also the guy like I
couldn't get awake up cause I was kind
of freaked out because the front desk
guy who was some of some English was not
his first language
where are you staying you know you're a
star right don't say where he's saying
cuz I'm sure okay that's right I mean
but seriously really there is a suite as
Ennis I'm in a suite but the my phone
only rings in the sweet part not the one
beside my bed oh so I was freaked out
about the wake-up call so I stood the
guy I said I got to get a wake-up call
like but I wanted to be in my bedroom
like not in the other room I can't hear
it
and he's like y'all don't worry you
would wake up so I said well why don't
was that mean what like you guys do
break up but don't worry about that so I
said why would I wake up that doesn't
make sense because you'll wake up like
he was like like and would you have
shame isn't it what would you have woken
up by myself but then I said well I'm
not gonna wake up I need a way that's I
need to wake up god you guys we were
great you are
so I said well how will you wake me up
if because I can't hear the phone
because we will wake you up
don't worry about that I guarantee we
will wake you up so that I said well I
want to know how you wake me up now
you're freaking me out
is there gonna be like a troop of belly
dancers in the morning and butthis is
waking up it was just a guy pounding on
my door this morning
Oh after my 48 minutes of sleep but they
actually had a guy pound on your door
yeah weird hotel because normally it's
that here's the you know mr. McDonald
it's time to get up or whatever you know
that a lot of wake up calls now are it's
not a human being
or it's nobody it's just that the creme
de lis hotel phone rings you pick it up
and there's no one there and you know
that's frightening
it is phones are frightening to me why
is that Norm Macdonald well you know how
so yeah you're not frightened by a phone
I don't like sound of a phone like let's
say someone phones you like prank calls
you did you ever have that prank on
caller ID but I'm saying like just your
phone rings mm-hmm and then you go and
answer it and it's nobody and you hang
up and later the phone rings again like
it's jarring it's it's even in horror
movies do you know I'm saying no well
let's say it's the theme from The
Beverly Hillbillies or whatever but I
just like that that uh you know and your
answer it and that actually reminds me
my friend who has a very bad depressing
life but his cellphone right
the theme on is the theme from Benny
Hill in fiction little naked guys
running yeah that's funny sound the guy
getting the slide on the back of the
head but his life is really sad I mean
he goes for Benny yeah but he'll go like
you guys like ah because his wife as has
pancreatic cancer
goodness it's Patrick Swayze it's a big
thing right so after cancer this year
pancreatic so he'll go like and his son
won't talk to him you know and he goes
oh god I know that I know that harpy's
gonna phone start telling me about her
chemotherapy I hope she doesn't phone
you know I'm so depressed at talking
about him talking about his wife the
harpy yes life the heart because she was
heartbeat is how old is this guy that
your friends done are but she is a harpy
all she'll talk about is there for
pancreatic come to mind for you you know
it's an interesting thing a person dies
now cuz Patrick Swayze's was on in there
all of a sudden they're courageous
because they're battling and not just
laying down for it love well I'm not
gonna make them feel better about it I
mean you got played out don't lie I'm
not gonna be courageous what are you
gonna do I'm gonna just be going oh
please Oh take my grandson not me oh
don't take me I'm if there is such a
thing as a devil I'd be glad to make a
deal cuz I don't want to die well nobody
does norm well some people seem alright
with it I made actually this is actually
serious I made a living will because
they told me I should yeah that's do you
have people to give this stuff to I mean
you know it's you have a heart be in
your own life no there's no living will
is not a will living realize what
happens in case you've become a
vegetable not resuscitate or take my
organs or are you giving away your
organs do you have any no
really saying this is kind of selfish
but I'm a I'm a I told him never to pull
the plug never to get not all right I
don't want it that's what I have in my
living will because I don't want to die
so unfortunately because I had to
discuss with lawyers and it's gonna run
my money all out and then you'll wake up
from this that's what I'm hoping that
I'll wake up but my money will run out
and so you know my child won't get any
of my money say you have a child yeah
have a child but he won't be getting any
of my money if I happen to go into a
vegetative state because for lengthy
peer did they bring that up do you like
wow this is really selfish of you nor
maybe you should consider putting some
money aside for the boy well now I'm not
allowed to because I have to deplete all
my money before then like before then
they can they'll pay for it themselves
the hospital you know right they go
there they're forbidden not to keep your
own license is that even after all your
funds have run out they can't thank you
can't pay for it because I know it
happens because I've seen it so many
times like you're in your you're the
vegetable you know and then they go hey
there go take your get your relatives
around they go what do you guys think
and then your relatives go I think norm
said he wanted to die he said you
wouldn't want to be a burden and all
this stuff you know they just a lie and
so you're putting it right in the wall I
want to be a bird I'm hurting well I
listen I'm the vegetable if a being a
burden is my mother not going to a
bridge game a couple